Update dbt State data storage FAQ with metadata specs and hosting details (#9349)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/State/data-storage.md

id: data-storage
---

dbt State sends the following metadata to dbt Labs servers:

- **Last-modified timestamps** — used to determine whether upstream data has changed since the last run

> - **SQL statement hashes** — SQL statements are hashed before transmission, so dbt Labs cannot see the contents; only hashes are stored and compared across runs to detect logic changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SQL statement hashes** — SQL statements are processed to detect and classify changes, then hashed. Only the hash is persisted for future comparisons.
```

> - **SQL statement hashes**: SQL statements are hashed before transmission, so dbt Labs cannot see the contents; only hashes are stored and compared across runs to detect logic changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **SQL statement hashes**: SQL statements are processed to detect and classify changes, then hashed. Only the hash is persisted for future comparisons.
```

No actual data from your warehouse is transmitted.

> The dbt State service runs in a single US multi-tenant (MT) instance and does _not_ make any live connections to your data warehouse. For data retention details, refer to the [dbt Labs privacy policy](https://www.getdbt.com/cloud/privacy-policy).

Author: @jtcohen6 Is it correct that we should link here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dbt State service runs in a single US multi-tenant (MT) instance. The service never connects to your data warehouse. No actual data from your warehouse is transmitted. The only connection is to your running dbt process (CLI or platform) in order to exchange the metadata described above. For data retention details, refer to the [dbt Labs privacy policy](https://www.getdbt.com/cloud/privacy-policy).
```
